Add note about CDS_USE_EXECUTION_TRIGGER_PAYLOAD_TO_EVALUATE_BRANCH_EXPRESSION Feature Flag (#6560)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/triggers/triggers-reference.md

:::note

> In order to have the <+trigger.branch> expression working for an Issue Comment event trigger, the feature flag `CDS_USE_EXECUTION_TRIGGER_PAYLOAD_TO_EVALUATE_BRANCH_EXPRESSION` must be enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the `<+trigger.branch>` expression for Issue Comment event triggers is behind the feature flag `CDS_USE_EXECUTION_TRIGGER_PAYLOAD_TO_EVALUATE_BRANCH_EXPRESSION`. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature.
```
